Would you like to write
code faster and smarter with
rich code completion and clever
code analysis, find anything and
a solution instantly. What if
you could easily explore and
run tests work with good
to or TFS seamlessly and
refactor in a few clicks,
all this and more is
available in jet brains writer,
a.net IDE for windows, Mac,
and Linux. Try it free
for 30 days. Get writer
today@ouridride.net. That's Ryder ide.net. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes. And today I'm talking
with Yasmeen, save on Honda,
a lawyer at Yash law
firm. And I found you
on Instagram at startup lawyer
lady. You're very technically savvy
for a lawyer, 54 may
forgive me saying that I've
got this impression that lawyers
are faxing things and doing
things with regular papers. I
hate to bring it to
you. And many of us
still are, but some of
us are trying to, I
guess you could say, get
with the times. So yeah,
I, I pride myself in
that. Why is it that
we like the public or
the techies and the public
have a feeling like lawyers
are like stuck in the
past when we hear about
like people still faxing stuff,
but there seems to be
a new generation of lawyer
that maybe is getting more,
more technical. Yeah. You know,
I wish I could. I
wish I had an answer
to that question, Scott. There
are, it might be a
matter of, I dunno, a
couple of different factors are
coming to mind. So the
law itself, you know, the
practice of law and the
law that's on the books.
I mean, that takes a
lot of time for it
to change and to catch
up. And so technology moves
so quickly and the law
and legislation itself in order
for that to be enacted
and, you know, just proposed
in general and goes through
the process that it is
required to go through that
takes years, you know, and
as you and I are
both familiar with technology in
a general sense, it moves
very quickly, right? So technology
from a year ago may
be outdated at this point,
right? Whereas there are laws
on the books from 30
plus years ago, some are
still applicable and some are
not, and that's just sort
of the nature of it.
And I'd like to think
that, you know, the Lolo
catch up, but the practice
of law certainly has changed
a lot in the last,
you know, few last decades,
certainly in the last two
decades, I'd say, and the
practice of law itself with
the introduction of technology and
the use of the internet,
and certainly social media in
with marketing in recent years,
that's just transformed the way
that clients, that attorneys are
communicating. And so, yeah, I,
I came in at a
pretty good time say One
of the things that I've
noticed as a, as a
consumer of legal services is
in the last maybe decade
or so, the thing that's
most significant to me is
the idea of digital signatures
using DocuSign and things like
that. Did that just happen
because the, the, the industry
demanded it or was there
some like precedent or some
thing was like, yeah, this
person clicked on this PDF.
Therefore it's their signature. Like
when did that decision happen?
Or someone said that was
a thing. Yeah, that's a
great question. I'm not sure
when exactly it happened. I
would say my guess is
that it happened in the
age of the internet, but
it's interesting that you bring
that up. Is that, is
it just because somebody clicked
on this PDF and that
means it's a signature. I
remember back in law school,
when I studied estate planning
and development of wills and,
you know, trusts and things
like that for individuals, there,
there is a, some sort
of statute in the state
of Texas, where if you
just make, if that individual
just creates some sort of
marketing, it doesn't necessarily have
to be their actual signature
or even their name. It
could be some sort of
marking and that constitutes as
a signature or, you know,
authorization, if they're granting authorization
or whatever, it might be
agreement to a contract if
it is a written agreement.
And so I think it's,
I think the market demanded
it because of, you know,
faxing becoming a thing of
the past somewhat, I don't
own a fax machine, but
I know most law offices
do have fax machines and
courts still use fax machines.
And when I hear, when
I deal with the court
and they don't use email,
I'm like, what? Like what,
how, how is this possible?
But it is right. And
if I think it's, it's
also a matter of investing,
you know, the resources in
bringing things up to date,
which, Hey, in, in their
minds, it might be a
matter of if it's not
broken, we're not going to
fix it. You know, it
works just fine. Everybody knows
how we operate. We'll keep
doing it until we can't
anymore. And I guess nobody's
objected at this point. So
yeah, I don't, I don't
know when that came about,
but that's a great question.
Yeah. I find it comforting
that you don't have a
fax machine somehow. I just
imagine that all are tracking,
You know, there have been
multiple times where I'm like,
do I really need to
get a fax machine, but
I haven't yet. So I've
made it this long without
investing in a ring forest
rather to prejudice the fax
machine, but yeah. Yeah. And
then it's so it's so
ridiculous that sometimes don't make
us like, do like an
FX and it's like all
this technology, just so I
can end up giving you
a fake piece of paper,
Ways we could communicate. And
this is your, this is
your method of choice. So,
So one of your specialties
at Yash from at Yash,
from.com is helping people out
with their startups, with their
ideas, you know, all the
legal support when someone has
an idea and they want
to make that thing happen.
And I realized that if
someone quizzed me and said,
what's the difference between a
trademark, a copyright and a
patent, I would probably have
a very long awkward pause
And I'd be like, Ooh,
well, let me patent, that's
like The most important thing.
Maybe you could help me
understand and share those things.
Yeah, absolutely. So those are
the three main types of
intellectual property. So as far
as let's, let's, we can
take a step back the
difference between intellectual property and
real property. So real property,
those are tangible things like,
you know, maybe it's a
building, maybe it's personal property.
Maybe it's a piece of
land, you know, things that
you can touch and see
and feel right now, intellectual
property. That is more so
intangible. So we've got those,
like you mentioned, Scott, we've
got patents, we've got trademarks,
we've got copyrights. So patents
are rights that are granted
to the original inventor of
the invention by the U
S government. And it gives
that owner the right to
exclude others from using or
profiting from that invention. And
it's a limited period of
time, right? So there isn't
a perpetual grant in the
right to create whatever and
Tetra or reproduce it or,
or use it or profit
from it. I think in
the U S it's for
a period of 20 years.
Okay. And so after the
20 years, it's sort of
a free for all, but
for that period of 20
years, that individual, that inventor
has the right to reproduce
it profit off of it,
import it from out of
the country, you know, really
just have control over the
use of the reproduction of
that invention. It's gotta be
something that is novel. It
should be non-obvious and non-functional.
And so I'm not a
patent attorney. These are each,
each of these areas that
I'm going to go into
copyright and trademarks and a
little bit, each of these
areas are very complex, as
you can imagine. Right? So
my focus is on trademark
law and that's really where
I that's really where I
work with my clients and
developing solid trademark assets and
then taking the steps necessary
to protect them. And so
what a trademark is, is
a source identifier. And so
as a business, as a
startup, as a brand, you
have source identifiers that you're
using in commerce to identify
the source of the goods
and services that you're selling.
And so I'm a good
example. I like to use
this Nike because everyone recognizes
Nike. We're all familiar with
the brand. Nike, Nike is
the brand name that is
their trademark. They're using the
word Mark Nike to identify
the source of the goods
that they sell. Another trademark
they have is their logo.
And that is that swoosh
symbol, right? The checkmark, you
see the swoosh symbol on
a pair of track pants,
or you see it on,
you know, a shirt or
a basketball or whatever it
may be. You automatically recognize
that that the source of
that product is the company
Nike, right? And you associate
certain things with that. So
you associate a certain level
of quality, right. With a
brand. And with that product,
when you see the trademark
on, you know, the product
is bearing that trademark and
connecting itself with the, with
the source, which ultimately here
is Nike. And then, you
know, they've got their, their
slogan, which is another trademark.
I would just, just do
it, right. We're all familiar
with that. You hear just
do it, you see, just
do it. You automatically associate
whatever it is that you're
seeing that on with the
company, Nike, and again, your,
that brings to mind, you
know, a certain level of
quality maybe of philanthropy and
whatever that might be. And
so that's really where I
focus my energies and my
time in working with my
clients. And we'll talk more
in depth on that in
a little bit. I'm sure,
but the third kind of
piece of intellectual property is
copyrights. And so with copyrights,
that is the rights and
the ownership in an original
work of art or authorship.
And so the kinds of
copyrights that you might have
within your business might be
photography, videography written words. So
if you've got a blog,
if you've got like yourself,
you have your podcast. So
you have ownership in the
audio files, the recordings, these
are original works of art
or authorship. And so as
a copyright owner, you have
the right to reproduce it.
You have the right to
create derivative works based on
it. You have the right
to, you know, authorize others
to use it or benefit
from it or reproduce it.
And so that means you
could license it to others.
You could develop derivative works
in terms of you have
a podcast recording, you could
create written works based on
that, like a transcription you
could develop, maybe graphics based
on, you know, including the
quotes that you're pulling from
these recordings. And so it's
a wide range of rights
that you have as the
owner in the law they
referred to as the bundle
of sticks. And so you
can always separate the bundle
of sticks. I might decide
like, I'm going to grant
you the right to license
this to others, but I'm
still gonna maintain ownership over
the copyright. And so, yeah,
so you can, you could
probably imagine how all of
these assets are valuable within
a business and within a
startup and how you want
to make sure that you're
taking the steps necessary to
protect your assets from infringers.
Because as I'm sure, you
know, people start popping out
the woodwork when you create
something, you know, fabulous. They
want to reproduce it. They
want to, you know, replicate
it and they try, but
you have to make sure
that you're enforcing your rights
and that way your rights
don't become diluted. Okay. So
then in order to have
copyright protection, something must be
original. So you and I
are on this podcast, having
a conversation, which is presumably
original. So it's, it's a,
a tangible medium where that
tangible medium is this MP3
that people are listening to
right now, or it's in,
it's in a fixed form.
I can make it a
transcript or a book or
whatever, but you're talking the
most. I'm hosting the podcast.
You own your words, but
I own the copyright, even
though you're saying cool stuff,
at what point could you
and I have a big
fight and you could say,
Hey, Scott, stop talking and
stop making. T-shirts about something
that Yasmeen said on the
podcast. That was really amazing.
There's a lot of gray
area in the world of
intellectual property, right? So let's
say you created a tee
shirt and you've got this
t-shirt design and you develop
the design, but the words
are mine. And so then
the design, you have copyright
ownership in that. But the
words, if they are original
words that I, you know,
strung together, I guess you
could say You dropped the
knowledge on this show, right?
Not just randomly when we
were having coffee, but like
while we were recording. Yeah.
So the recording, since you
developed the recording, you would
have presumably copyright ownership in
the recording. Now I have
some clients that are, that
have podcasts and we develop
contracts that make it very
clear who owns what, and
that as the podcast, producer
and host, that you are
granted a license from me
as the guest, you know,
to, to reproduce, you know,
these, you know, the recordings
and to reproduce the content
that we've discussed. And that
is, you know, here in
this tangible medium. And so,
yeah, it's the best case
scenarios. You want to make
sure that all parties agree
so that you are clear
on what your rights are
and you don't find yourself
in some hot water later
on where you might say,
okay, well, you know, Yasmeen
said some really cool things
I want to share with
others because I think it'll
be useful to them. You
want to make sure that
Yasmeen has granted you the
right to do so. And
then that way I don't
come back later on and
say, well, wait a second.
You know, you're making a
lot of money off of
what I shared with you,
and I want some of
that, right? You don't want
to deal with that unnecessarily.
And so that way, and
that's not really, I'm just
sort of as a general
principle that I share with
my clients and with my
audience is that you really
want to be proactive when
it comes to protecting your
intellectual property and protecting your
business. You don't want to
deal with doing that damage
control later on, or having
to deal with a lawsuit
or hiring, you know, a
lawyer to defend you in
that sort of case. You
really, it suits you best
as a business owner so
that you're able to preserve
your energies and focus that
on developing your business and
really operating within your zone
of genius. Instead of having
to invest that in, okay,
let me clean up this
mess could have been avoided.
Well, how do we find
that balance though? I feel
like, I mean, I, and
I'm kind of putting it
out. I'm putting it all
out there. I've done almost
700 episodes over 13 years.
I haven't had an issue
yet, but now you're making
me think maybe I should
hire a lawyer, have someone
fill out like a little
DocuSign before they do the
show, but then I might
turn them off. Right? I
mean, we as regular people
and I'm not trying to
other you as a lawyer,
but you know, we, the,
we, the regular, non-lawyers see
a contract and we're like,
Ooh, I don't want to
do your podcast. Cause you're
going to make me sign
something. It's like, when your
friend says, Hey, let's have
coffee, but sign this NDA
first. And it's like, well,
you know, either we're friends
or we send an NDA,
but not both. We need
a contract for doing podcasts.
Are you required to have
one by the law? No.
Would it benefit you and
benefit the other party to
clearly outline what the relationship
is? Yes, absolutely. That can
help mitigate, you know, disagreements
or miscommunications that even heart
failure on exactly or even
hard feelings, you know, and
making sure that it's very
clear, what's taking place here.
And we see this a
lot in the legal business
world is that people kind
of, you know, we just
operate based on a handshake
or I'll take your word
for it. But then later
on things aren't as clear
as they were when we
actually set them. Right. Like,
wait a second. I thought
we agreed to this, but
no, I thought we agreed
to that. Okay. Well, how
are we going to know
what, what was agreed to?
And then all of a
sudden, it's this whole dispute
and that may or may
not lead to, you know,
worst case litigation and having
to deal with it for
years and years in the
courts. And it's very expensive,
you know, the opposite end
of the spectrum, which is
also like not ideal, but,
you know, you ruin the
relationship and you lose that
relationship. And so instead, you
know, this isn't legal advice
by any means, but as
a general rule of thumb,
you know, having a contract
in any type of business
relationship certainly will benefit you
as the business owner, as
the podcast host, as, you
know, the program director or
a course developer or an
instructor or whatever it is,
if you're entering into a
business relationship, you know, my
general recommendation is you want
to, you want to make
sure that it's in writing
what the, the terms of
the relationship are, you know,
how will decisions be made
if it is a partnership,
how is compensation going to
be, you know, made if
money is changing hands and
if services are being exchanged,
and then that way you
can, you know, move forward
in confidence and not have
to worry about any type
of miscommunication or disagreement or
dispute cropping up. Okay. And
then of course it's flexible.
Like there isn't like, and
we're using this podcast as
an example here with copyright,
but certainly I wouldn't have
to write it, have it
written rather in my favor,
it could actually be something
where the guest would say,
Hey, Scott wants to make
sure that, you know, as
my guests, that you own
your words. And if you
want to make t-shirts of
your words, that I can't
do that, you know, like
I could actually flip it
around and make it so
they'd be happy that they
were sending it. So that's
actually the, and that's a
great point that you bring
up Scott is that is
actually the way I prefer
to draft my contracts with
my clients. And I don't
do contract drafting so much
anymore, but it used to
be a significant part of
my practice is that the
contract is there and you
should frame it this way
when you're approaching. So for
example, within the context of
this podcast, I'm presenting it
to you because it's in
both of our best interests,
right? So it clearly States
what, you know, my rights
are, what your rights are
or what, you know, as
we're entering into this business
relationship, your position in my
position and a good contract
should not harm one and
benefit the other because we're
obviously entering into this contract
to move forward in a
business relationship or some sort
of relationship. And so I'm
not creating this contract, you
know, to disadvantage you instead,
it should be to clearly
state the terms of our
relationship and make it clear
what we're moving forward based
on, you know? And so
you could, and you should
say in a contract like
that, just as a general
of them, is that, you
know, I, you, as the
podcast tests are granting a
license to the host to
use, you know, your, your
voice or your likeness or
whatever, it might be in
connection with the promotional materials,
you know, in connection with
that podcast. And then also
you as the guest maintain
ownership over your words or
contribution, or however you end
up stating it. And yeah,
just, just sort of as
a note, Interesting, a big
thank you to our sponsors
because they make the show
possible. And I hope that
you support them the way
they support us progress. Software
is the creator of the
most comprehensive developer toolkit for
building modern apps on the
market. Today Tellerik dev craft
with more than 1100 telerik.net
and Kendo, UI JavaScript components
and controls. You can easily
build modern high-performance web mobile
and desktop apps, as well
as chatbots. The tools that
also includes reporting solutions, automated
testing, and productivity tools, and
comes with a range of
support options. New this year
is a free online training
program for all licensed holders
with this alongside thousands of
demos and source code available,
comprehensive documentation, and a full
assortment of visual studio templates,
you'll be up and running
with the progress Tellerik and
Kendo UI controls in no
time, download a free 30
day trial today at tellerik.com/hanselman
that's T E L E
R I k.com/hanselman. So you
made that you made this
statement a couple of times
granting a license to, so
you own your words cause
you said, but you are
allowing me to rebroadcast them.
I've heard that before when
I put things on Facebook
or when I put things
in what I call walled
gardens, like owning a blog
is my blog. I own
the copyright. I host it.
It's my text and I
own the server. So I
own, I own everything basically,
but Facebook, I type some
words or even not the
type, like a chapter of
a book that I haven't
written yet. I didn't just
give them the entire chapter
of the book. I granted
them a license to display
it again. Is that correct?
Yes. So I have not
read Facebook's terms of use,
but the general idea. Yeah,
yeah. But content generally, if
I am, let's say, and
this is my presumption with
Facebook because I don't think
Facebook could operate unless they
did include the way it
does, unless they did include
this type of license. I'm
thinking that when we upload
photos to Facebook or to
Twitter or Instagram, or, you
know, any other type of
online platform where it is
reproduced, we likely likely in
the terms of use, they
stay you as the user
maintain copyright ownership over your
content because you must expressly
transfer a copyright to the
other party, right. In order
for them to become the
owner of it. So you,
as the original creator of
that work, you own the
copyright and you maintain the
copyright, however you're granting Facebook
or whatever platform it is
a license to reproduce it.
And otherwise you could not
use Facebook the way that
we're using Facebook. Right. So
I share photos to Facebook,
I maintain ownership, but in
order for Facebook to be
able to produce that on
other individuals feeds and, you
know, just online generally or
in searches or however it
is that they work, they
would need a license to
be able to do that.
And so I'm thinking that's
probably what takes place in
their very long terms of
used. Sure. And I realized
that it's unreasonable to expect
you or anyone there, unless
they are a Facebook specific
lawyer, but I'm kind of
using Facebook as a generic
term for social media, walled
gardens in general. I think
it's subtle. Like I don't
think my nontechnical parents understand
that there is an implicit
terms of service for like,
you know, everyone just clicks
okay. On the terms of
service. And we don't realize
that we have signed a
copyright over our trademark or
by, by simply by simply
passively using something, which is
a little bit scary, which
also brings me to the
question. Like, if, if, if
I need a lawyer to
understand something, maybe I shouldn't
be using the thing at
all, trying to find that
balance between being paralyzed with
confusion about these things and
versus being able to move
through the digital world with
confidence. And then also whether
or not I want to
just go to legal zoom
or one of websites and
go through a wizard, or
if I need to go
and pay, you know, hundreds
of thousands of dollars to
talk to a lawyer, I
realized these are all false
equivalencies, but this can cause
someone to kind of have
analysis paralysis and then choose
to basically do nothing. Yeah.
I guess my question is
people are probably doing nothing
and in doing that, maybe
not protecting themselves. Yeah. I
think there are so many
different aspects of this Scott
and you hit the nail
on the head and the,
there is analysis paralysis when
it comes to decision making
in businesses, when it comes
to their, you know, legal
protections and the legal foundation,
I think it is somewhat
of an intimidating process to
begin. You know, I, okay.
I know I need some
legal advice. I know I'm
not totally clear. I did
a couple of Google searches
and I don't really want
to like Frankenstein a whole
contract for my business together
based on what I can
cut and paste, but you
know, helmet, what kind of
lawyer do I even need?
How much is it going
to cost? You know, is
it going to cost me
an arm and a leg?
I don't have 10,000 plus
dollars to invest in a
lawyer right now, our legal
services right now. So maybe
I'll just do nothing. And
it's, it's a really hard
position to be in because
there isn't with a lot
of these things, there aren't
laws in place requiring you,
for example, as a business
owner to, you know, take
these steps, you have to
have a contract in place
or you have to have
your trademark protected, or you
have to file for a
patent. There isn't, there isn't
anything requiring these individuals to
do that. So they can
continue to operate their business
outside of that. And then
once it catches up to
them that at that point,
they have to hire a
lawyer to defend them, to
develop their legal foundation, to
form an entity, to draft
a contract, whatever it might
be. Right. And so your
question was the first part
of that question was, you
know, how do I, is
it, is it dangerous for
me to just be using
these different tools online or,
you know, even Facebook, you
know, something as basic as
face and as commonplace as
Facebook, you know, if I
don't understand the legal implications
of clicking agree under their
terms of use, when I
create an account, should I
even be using it? So
again, this is not legal
advice, just general, Nothing in
this podcast. This is like
purely for informational purposes, but
just generally speaking, there is
a, there's a doctrine in
contract law and it's all
about unconscionability okay. So the
average person does not, you
know, read through every single
word and a terms of
use. I mean, I'm an
attorney and I do not
read there when my Apple
computer has an update, which
is like, it feels like
every other day it has
enough uptake. I don't read
through that. I click agree
and I move on and
everything is fine. And, you
know, I just hope for
the best. Now, if there
were to be something, for
example, I'm, you know, transferring
ownership of my, you know,
homestead in those terms or,
you know, I agreed to
let them have my first
born child in the event
that I, you know, whatever,
whatever the terms might say
unconscionability means that that provision,
if it is not right
or just, or reasonable, or
if it's unreasonably excessive, it
will be disregarded. So a
court would not force. Yeah,
of course I work in
something in a while. It
updates. It's like, okay, if
you click, okay, you've given
Apple, your car that's in
contract. Exactly. Yes, exactly. That's
unreasonable. You know, the average
person would not expect that
to be within a software
update. Right. And so, and
I mean, I can't guarantee
that would be the case
in every single contract. Maybe,
you know, reasonable, reasonable minds
may differ. Right. And that's
why we have the courts
work, things like that out.
But yeah, generally speaking, if
I'm, you know, using Facebook
or using Google or using
some sort of software best
practice, absolute best practice is
to be clear on what
it is you're agreeing to.
And certainly if you're entering
into a longterm commitment or
a longterm business relationship, you
want to be clear on
what those terms are that
you're agreeing to. And having
a lawyer review that contract
is a great decision to
make, just because a lawyer
can decipher, you know, what
is in all this fine
print of what are, what
will be required of me
as a party in this
agreement. But if this is
just a general terms of
use that, you know, it's
a software license, or, you
know, I'm creating an account
on a social media platform.
Yeah. I wouldn't be paralyzed
from fear of, you know,
agreeing to their terms of
use. Yeah. It's just something
to keep in mind. Another
thing that we were, we
talked about beforehand that I
wanted to cover in this
show was the idea. If
I'm working on a project
and I'm like a small
business, and then I'm hiring
other small businesses to make
me like a logo or
write me, you know, punch
up some text or something
like that, do I pay
you? And you make me
a logo and then you
email me the logo. Did
you own the logo? Do
I own the logo? But
I, if it's unsafe, I
mean, the assumption is I
just paid you, I own
the logo, but you could
come back 10 years from
now and say, yeah, I
made that logo. Yeah. He
paid me, but I still
own it. Or if I
hire someone to take photos,
they own them. Right. They
could still sell them again.
Yes, exactly. And that is
something that so many business
owners just don't understand. And
aren't familiar with this concept
of work, for hire in
terms of copyright ownership. And
so if I hired a
designer to develop a logo
for me, they are the
original author of that design,
that graphic design. And so
even though I paid them
to provide me with the
logo, I might have provided
them with all the inspiration
necessary to develop the design.
They still have created it
themselves. And so they maintain
copyright ownership of it. And
that means they have that
bundle of sticks that we
were talking about of rights.
And so they could license
it to others. They could
tweak it and create derivative
works based on it. And
by providing it to me
and by my hiring of
them, I have sort of
an implied license to the
use of it, but they're
still able to turn around.
And that's what I see
a lot of people experiencing.
And they're like, what the
hell? Like, I didn't say
you could sell that to
somebody else, but the designer
will turn around and sell
that design to another business
for them to use as
their logo. And so it's
really important to make sure
that when you are hiring
someone to develop some work
of art or authorship, so
maybe I hire a copywriter
to develop written blogs for
my website. Maybe I hire
a photographer to develop photos
or videographer to shoot video
footage or a graphic designer
to develop some graphic designs.
You want to make sure
that there's a copyright transfer
agreement that is signed that
clearly and expressly transfers ownership
of it. And that way
you are the one that
owns it and are able
to license it to others,
are able to reproduce it,
are able to use it
any which way you wish.
Instead of being limited by,
you know, the ownership of
another Interesting, the thing that
was most significant about what
you said, there was the
idea of implicit versus explicit.
There's an implicit license and
we can all assume that,
but if it doesn't get
written down, it's not right
Within copyright ownership, a transfer
of the rights must be
explicit. It must be express.
We can't assume that. However,
when I hire you to
take photos, it can be
implied that I intend to
use that, right. Otherwise I
wouldn't have hired you, but
it can't be implied that
the tra the copyright ownership
is being transferred to me
unless we have that in
writing and agreed to by
both parties. Interesting. And this
gets to the, the, the
root of what we were
talking about, where people are
just counting on handshakes. They're
counting on assumptions. They're counting
on implicit rights. Yes. Yeah.
That's the, that's where it
gets to the problematic specifically
when it comes to trademark
law and protection of your
trademark assets. A lot of
people think, well, you know,
I hired someone to develop
my logo or my, my,
my whole brand identity based
on this name, or based
on this inspiration that I
provided them. And they said,
it should be fine. They
haven't seen anything like it.
And they move forward based
on that sort of blind
faith, I guess. And I'm
not really sure why they
would, but I guess it's
a matter of, you don't
know what you don't know.
Right. And when you don't
know what, you know, you
don't even know what questions
to ask. You don't know
where to look. You don't
know who to consult with.
And so I see a
lot of people within the
trademark space doing is they'll
move forward and develop their
whole business and their whole
brand based on a name
based on a product name,
based on a slogan or
a logo or whatever it
might be. And then they
get hit with a cease
and desist, or they get
hit with an infringement lawsuit
because somebody else is already
using a name that is
similar to it. And just
because it's not exactly the
same doesn't mean there isn't
a situation, a possible situation
of infringement there. So that's
something to keep in mind.
I appreciate that. Well, thanks
so much for chatting with
me today. And people can
engage with you right@yshfrom.com and
you can advise them. And
this is literally what you
do. What you've talked about
with me on the show
about getting people started, making
sure that they're protected and
they're successful in their startups
is literally what you do.
Absolutely. And it would be
my pleasure. Thank you for
having me, Scott. Fantastic. I've
been talking with Yasmeen Salem
Hamden, and this has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week. .